DeferRendering: add a note about deprecation (#6911)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDeferRendering/dxDeferRendering.md

dx.web.js, dx.all.js

---
[important]

This component is **deprecated**. To defer rendering in other components, enable the corresponding [deferRendering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/#deferRendering) properties. You can also create a [loading indicator](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/LoadIndicator/Overview/) and display it based on your logic.

---
##### Angular

> To learn how to defer loading in {Framework}, refer to the following help topic: [Deferred loading with @defer](https://angular.dev/guide/templates/defer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to defer loading in {Framework}, refer to the following help topic: [Deferred loading with @defer](https://angular.dev/guide/templates/defer).
```

##### Vue

> To learn how to defer loading in {Framework}, refer to the following help topic: [Suspense](https://vuejs.org/guide/built-ins/suspense).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to defer loading in {Framework}, refer to the following help topic: [Suspense](https://vuejs.org/guide/built-ins/suspense).
```

##### React

> To learn how to defer loading in {Framework}, refer to the following help topics: [Suspense](https://react.dev/reference/react/Suspense) and [useDeferredValue](https://react.dev/reference/react/useDeferredValue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to defer loading in {Framework}, refer to the following help topics: [Suspense](https://react.dev/reference/react/Suspense) and [useDeferredValue](https://react.dev/reference/react/useDeferredValue).
```
